4.13 release note for adding namespace to must-gather (#57225)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-13-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-13-oc"]
=== OpenShift CLI (oc)
==== New flag added to run must-gather in a specified namespace

With {product-title} 4.13, a new `oc` command line interface (CLI) flag, `--run-namespace`, has been added to the following oc command:

* `oc adm must-gather`

> With this enhancement, users can use the `--run-namespace` flag to allow `oc adm must-gather` to run in specific, pre-existing namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this enhancement, you can use the `--run-namespace` flag to allow the `oc adm must-gather` command to run in a specific, pre-existing namespace.
```

Author: Done.

[id="ocp-4-13-oc"]
=== OpenShift CLI (oc)

> ==== New flag added to run must-gather in a specified namespace

Reviewer 2: This needs an ID above it. It would look something like:

```suggestion
[id="ocp-4-13-oc-must-gather-namespace"]
==== New flag added to run must-gather in a specified namespace
```

(But you can name the ID however you want)

Author: Done.

With {product-title} 4.13, a new `oc` command line interface (CLI) flag, `--run-namespace`, is added to the following oc command:

> * `oc adm must-gather`

Author: Done.
